Release candidate 2025 (#868)
ISISNeutronMuon/MDANSE: MDANSE/README.md

## What can MDANSE do?

> Firstly, MDANSE can read the output of MD simulation software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, MDANSE can read the output of many MD simulation packages.
```
